What's the impact of genetic drift, inbreeding, and population size on evolution? If we have a finite population, and such population starts inbreeding between relatives, this may lead to genetic drift. A clear example of inbreeding, are the kings of Spain or France, where they had to marry a close relative, in most cases their own sister, this was done in order to "protect royal blood"; or now days, where some people do what legally we call "incest".
On nature, small populations can cause genetic drift and inbreeding. If an organism decides to mate with a relative, the descendant may be homozygous for a copy of an allele that is identical by descent from one of the ancestors. For example, if an individual has the alleles AB, and such individual mates with another one with alleles CA, has a chance that their offspring may have the alleles AA. We call F the probability that two alleles in an individual are identical.
So, the frecuency of the homozygotes AA = p^2 + Fpq, AB = 2pq(1-F) and BB = q^2+Fpq. All these frequencies must add to 1. We can observe that the aditional 2FQ from AA and BB must have come from the heterozygotes, because since they are not on the same state, cannot be inbreeding. So we see that inbreeding leads to a reduction in heterozygosity within the population.

Now, if there is absence of selection or other evolutionary forces, there wont be any change on gene frecuency during evolution, this is what be call the Hardy Weinberg law. The only problem with such law is that it may only apply to populations of a finite size. If we assume that a population is diploid of a constant size N, then each of 2N alleles are copied into gametes, which together form a new generation.

If we asume a population of 3 individuals, we have a total of 6 different alleles, that are equally fit, so evolution is neutral, but what happends if one of the individuals is not able to reproduce due to an unknown phenomenon, for example, he was not able to swim while crossing a river and died unexpectedly, we lost 2 alleles. With only 4 alleles, generation after generation, eventually every allele will just become a copy of the original alleles. If at the end of all generations, we end with only allele A (because of the lack of diversity), we say that it has become fixed. But why didn't allele B become fixed, if it was equally fit? Random evolution in frequency of allelic states is what we call genetic drift. This phenomenon is not predictable, we can say it's random.

This drift is slower in larger populations since we get a larger variance of allele frequency if we have a small population. 

By now, we can deduce that fixaton, homozygosity and inbreeding results from drift in small populations, because at some point, alleles become identical by descent.

But in real life, alleles usually do not have identical probability of being passed on, so scientists created something called effective population size, that produces the same rate of genetic drift in their simple models, but there may be several examples where effective population size may be different, for example, current farms where a single bull mates with hundreds of cows, and if this happens in all the farms, the effective population size may be in hundreds rather than millions, since the genes come from very few bulls.